# IRIS Foundation Limited

## Privacy policy

<br />

<hr />

### Introduction

<br />

We are IRIS Foundation Limited, a company limited by guarantee and incorporated in Hong Kong (“the
Foundation”, “we” or “us”).

<br />

Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and
security of the personal data we hold by complying with the requirements under applicable laws and
regulations. We are equally committed to ensuring that all our employees, service providers and
agents uphold these obligations.

<br />

This policy explains how we manage personal data within our organization.

<br />

<hr />

### How we collect personal data

<br />

We collect personal data about you in the following ways:

<br />

where you register for an account or to receive emails from us

when you order products or services from us

when you submit a query or request to us

when you respond to a survey that we run or fill in forms on one of our websites

by tracking your use of our websites and mobile applications

from public sources

from examination of public and private blockchains

from third parties who are entitled to disclose that information to us

when you apply for a job with us

<br />

In some cases we may be required by law to collect certain types of personal data about you.

<br />

Where we collect personal data from you, we will generally do so ourselves. However, in some cases
we may collect personal data from a third party, such as through your representatives, contractors
who provide services to us, or third parties who refer you to us because they think you may be
interested in our products or services.

<br />

<hr />

### Kinds of personal data we collect

<br />

The kinds of personal data that we collect and hold about you may include:

<br />

identifying information, such as your real name, nationality, ID type, ID number and other
information required by the laws and regulations

contact information, such as your postal address, email address and telephone number personal
information

social media handles and other social media profile information that you make available to us or to
the public

financial information, such as credit card, bank account or other payment details

blockchain identifiers, such as blockchain addresses and public keys

usernames and passwords that you create when registering for an account with us

details of any products or services that we provide to you

information about how you use the products and services we provide

records of our communications with you, including any messages you send us

<br />

Without this information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services (or with
all of the features and functionality offered by our products or services) or to respond to queries
or requests that you submit to us.

<br />

<hr />

### Purposes for which we use personal data

<br />

We use personal data that we collect about you for the following purposes:

<br />

to verify your identity when you are dealing with us

to determine your eligibility for any of our products or services

to determine your compliance with the terms and conditions that apply to any of our products or
services and applicable law

to enable us to provide our products and services

to improve our website based on your information and feedback

to answer your queries and requests

to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations

to carry out market analysis and research

to monitor use of our products and services

to assess, maintain, upgrade and improve our products and services

to carry out education and training programs for our staff

to manage and resolve any legal or commercial complaints or issues

to carry out planning and forecasting activities and other internal business processes

to keep you informed about our activities, including by sending out newsletters

to connect you with our users of our products and services

<br />

<hr />

### Direct marketing

<br />

We may from time to time use your personal data in order to send you marketing materials about
products or services that we think you may be interested in (including in some cases products and
services that are provided by a third party). We may not use your personal data unless we have
received your consent. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting
us at <a href="mailto:contact@irisnet.org" >contact@irisnet.org </a>.

<br />

We may use your following personal data for the purpose of direct marketing:

<br />

identifying information, such as your name and date of birth

contact information, such as your postal address, email address and telephone number

products and services portfolio information and demographic data held by us from time to time

<br />

We may use your personal data to market the following products and/or services to you:

<br />

purchasing and/or trading digital assets

providing, managing or accessing mobile wallets for holding digital assets; and

other products or services related to digital assets

<br />

If we use your personal data in any direct marketing communications, you have the right to request
that we provide you with the source of that personal data. There is no fee for requesting this
information. We will provide you with the source of the personal data, unless it is impracticable or
unreasonable to do so.

<br />

Please indicate your consent to receiving information relating to the above by contacting us at
<a href="mailto:contact@irisnet.org" >contact@irisnet.org </a>.

<br />

We may also use and disclose your information for other purposes in accordance with your requests or
instructions.

<br />

<hr />

### People to whom we may disclose personal data

<br />

We may share personal data about you with:

<br />

your representatives, advisers and others you have authorised to interact with us on your behalf

our staff who need the information to discharge their duties

related entities within our corporate group

our business partners, agents and service providersp

payment system operators and financial institutions

prospective purchasers of all or part of our business or a related entity

professional advisers who we engage to provide advice on our business

government authorities who ask us to disclose that information, or to other people as required by
law

<br />

In some cases the people to whom we disclose your personal information may be located overseas.
Further, we may have servers located overseas. The jurisdictions in which these people and/or
servers are likely to be located include the United States, Japan, and Singapore. There may not be
in place data protection laws which are substantially similar to, or serve the same purposes as the
applicable data privacy laws in Hong Kong. This means your personal information may not be protected
to the same or similar level in Hong Kong.

<br />

_[We will never sell your personal data to any third party.] [**optional clause**]_

<br />

<hr />

### Cookies

_[optional clause, to be used if cookies are relevant to your business]_

<br />

_[We use cookies to monitor and observe your use of our websites, compile aggregate data about that
use, and provide you with a more effective service (which may include customising parts of our
websites based on your preferences and past activities on those websites). "Cookies" are small text
files created and stored on your hard drive by your internet browser software, in order to hold
relevant information about the web page you are currently viewing. Most internet browsers have a
facility that will allow you to disable cookies altogether – please refer to your browser’s help
menu to find out how to do this. While you will still be able to browse our websites with cookies
disabled on your internet browser, some website functionality may not be available or may not
function correctly.]_

<br />

<hr />

### Storage and security of personal data

<br />

We generally store the personal data that we collect in electronic databases, some of which may be
held on our behalf by third party data storage providers. Sometimes we also keep hard copy records
of this personal data in physical storage facilities. We use a range of physical and technical
security processes and procedures to protect the confidentiality and security of the information
that we hold, and we update these from time to time to address new and emerging security threats
that you become aware of.

<br />

[We also take steps to monitor access to and modification of your information by our staff, and
ensure that our staff are aware of and properly trained in their obligations for managing your
privacy.] [**optional clause**]

<br />

<hr />

### Google Analytics

_[optional clause, to be used if Google Analytics are used]_

<br />

_[Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“**Google**”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use our website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address)
will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this
information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website
activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and
internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so
by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not
associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by
selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may
not be able to use the full functionality of our website. By using our website, you consent to the
processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.]_

<br />

<hr />

### Retention of personal data

<br />

Your personal data will only be kept as long as required.

<br />

We may retain your personal data for a period of at least 12 months. At our discretion, we may
retain personal data for longer than the said period if we consider it necessary or desirable to do
so to meet our legal or regulatory obligations.

<br />

<hr />

### Access and correction

<br />

If you want to access any of the personal data that we hold about you or to correct some aspect of
it (for example, because you think it is incomplete or incorrect), please contact our privacy
compliance team using the contact details set out below. To protect the integrity and security of
the information we hold, we may ask that you follow a defined access procedure, which may include
steps to verify your identity. In certain cases we may charge you an administration fee for
providing you with access to the information you have asked for, but we will inform you of this
before proceeding. There may be cases where we are unable to provide the information you request,
such as where it would interfere with the privacy of others or result in a breach of
confidentiality. In these cases we will let you know why we cannot comply with your request.

<br />

Even if you do not request access to and/or correct your personal data held by us, if we are
satisfied that, having regard to the reasons for which we hold your personal data, that personal
data is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading, we may take reasonable steps
to correct that information.

<br />

<hr />

### Your consent

<br />

By using our website, providing personal data and/or using any of our products or services, you
agree that:

<br />

you consent to this privacy policy, as updated from time to time; and

if you have provided personal data to us relating to any other person, you:

have a right to provide that information;

have provided a copy of this privacy policy, as updated from time to time, to that person; and

each such person has agreed to those terms.

<br />

<hr />

### Complaints

<br />

We try to meet the highest standards in order to protect your privacy. However, if you are concerned
about the way in which we are managing your personal data and think we may have breached any
applicable privacy laws, or any other relevant obligation, please contact our privacy compliance
team using the contact details set out below. We will make a record of your complaint and refer it
to our internal complaint resolution department for further investigation. We will deal with the
matter as soon as we can, and keep you informed of the progress of our investigation..

<br />

<hr />

### Changes to this policy

<br />

We may make changes to this policy from time to time, to take into account changes to our standard
practices and procedures or where necessary to comply with new laws and regulations. The latest
version of this policy will always be available on our website.

<br />

<hr />

### Contact details

<br />

If you want any further information from us on privacy matters, please contact our privacy
compliance team at <a href="mailto:contact@irisnet.org" >contact@irisnet.org </a>.
